with which is the future
good
1 the study I will show you a tutorial
in which is
go to be able to have it map of modern warfare 2 totally free
the most what they have to do
They are downloading into your files
that the rest
the description of the video
his rests
the band
decompress
you give this activity the right click
was going to leave a folder like this one
extractive right
I want to be this folder
of that these folders
the following each being
valera lights of Spanish state
since you have configured xbox memory
since I have it figured
I recommend that savior
one day will be up although the files not thinking about him I reached it
they sold
they are only
688 hit ips
but he recommended a memory of a giant or more
they were getting an electoral master
this our unit of morientes that according to it could be observed how I told them
we will see it
the spokeswoman and ice data partition
we are here and happy
what i love doing
we go another the mode folder next Tuesday
we enter the tlc resurgence
we are a folder
this does not mean that Augustine
the mossa to drag
to the program
you wanted to step
Right
lamb or leaves for the back
let's go to the stimuli
and is that between all we are going to drag here
in the happy partition
right here artist the rough pretoria
now let's go
to this letter
this score
0 0 0 0 in total are 16 zeros
and here we are going to do
drag
peking and we have known from the stimuli folder we are going to show
this folder
we drag and do not wait for a moment what caracas
I for my face flakes the video
coke
already in office
this is that the race l load the file takes between a minute and 2
at most
three minutes I think
now we say this does not advance dexter deeper the folders let's click
here
the alias the goat we want more loans those are the maps stimuli
now we are going to go back and the Vincentian voice expressed them jensen
and we are going to click on this poster
and in that too
cora is active
let's pose for cam
and we wait for a while
I promise that I will pose for life
spock touch from here we already have the two files that does not pass stimuli and
the pse-ee resurfaced
or how they pronounce
this we have done this
well
we have finished
the tutorial
you have to leave a trail of cargo
muddy are not going to damage the archives
already entered the 10 seconds
rose art
that was all
but
before I leave
I will explain them in
xbox tutorial
when for maps to work
recite
I catch fire that supposes only muriano
started the game with normally
and then opens the rival eclac appeared the new member that is not going to vote
in the session
of the s
the Mexican with the s1 goes to a good Mexican
vélez goes month and songs
I believe that this is achieved
of the 202 that will appear
ok so you can see the maps
nor season open the session of the 1st the mexiquense start of the game
and close them
and April to the profile of the second profile of the
2 goes the Mexican
and then serrano
and he already opens his profile
Why are we doing this
public that we open the profiles are loaded the maps
because if we do not open the profiles
I never know what I will do or not because we can not play
what we do I'm about to play but sprint I love doing it we're talking
all sides and let's play like maps this is one of the disadvantages
we open the profiles every so often to see the maps
the advantage is that you saved san marcos or sports
after three a lot of may his poetry
and a lot of money or what
well, tha's all
james maya forgets something
freedom this xx as contact with lower case separated here
for any questions or suggestions you can write here
also comments subscribe
may thumbs up
I saw until next time I missed it